ACP2E-269: UPS shipping rate calculation error (#1603)
magento/merchdocs: src/shipping/ups.md

United Parcel Service offers domestic and international shipping services by land and air to more than 220 countries.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> UPS can use [dimensional weight]({% link shipping/weight-dimensional.md %}) to determine some shipping rates. However, Magento only supports weight based shipping cost calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UPS can use [dimensional weight]({% link shipping/weight-dimensional.md %}) to determine some shipping rates. However, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source support only weight-based shipping cost calculation.
```
